README.md, before:

# Yeena

Yeena is a stash evaluation tool for Path of Exile named in the vein of the trusty old ATMA V tool for Diablo 2. It allows you to quickly find vendor recipes by connecting to the Path of Exile website and retreiving your stash.

Yeena is safe to use - your account password is never stored locally, and your credentials are transmitted to the Path of Exile site through https. Browse the source code and see for yourself.

## Compilation

First, clone the project.

    > git clone git://github.com/jcmoyer/Yeena.git

In the same directory as Yeena.sln, create a folder named `Libraries`. External dependencies will go in this directory. Go [here](http://json.codeplex.com/) and download Json.NET and extract it somewhere, then navigate to the `Bin/Net40` directory and copy `Newtonsoft.Json.dll` to the newly created `Libraries` directory. Do the same thing with HtmlAgilityPack from [here](http://htmlagilitypack.codeplex.com/). Once this is done you can open up the Yeena solution file in Visual Studio 2012 and compile it.

A word of warning: this program was quickly thrown together for the purpose of finding whetstone and armorer's scrap ingredients. For this reason, there are a lot of messy parts that will eventually be cleaned up.

## License

    Copyright 2013 J.C. Moyer
    
    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at
    
        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
    
    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Add section about precompiled binaries

README.md, after:

# Yeena

Yeena is a stash evaluation tool for Path of Exile named in the vein of the trusty old ATMA V tool for Diablo 2. It allows you to quickly find vendor recipes by connecting to the Path of Exile website and retreiving your stash.

Yeena is safe to use - your account password is never stored locally, and your credentials are transmitted to the Path of Exile site through https. Browse the source code and see for yourself.

## Precompiled Binaries

You can download a precompiled version of Yeena [here](http://jcmoyer.github.com/Yeena/). 

## Compilation

First, clone the project.

    > git clone git://github.com/jcmoyer/Yeena.git

In the same directory as Yeena.sln, create a folder named `Libraries`. External dependencies will go in this directory. Go [here](http://json.codeplex.com/) and download Json.NET and extract it somewhere, then navigate to the `Bin/Net40` directory and copy `Newtonsoft.Json.dll` to the newly created `Libraries` directory. Do the same thing with HtmlAgilityPack from [here](http://htmlagilitypack.codeplex.com/). Once this is done you can open up the Yeena solution file in Visual Studio 2012 and compile it.

A word of warning: this program was quickly thrown together for the purpose of finding whetstone and armorer's scrap ingredients. For this reason, there are a lot of messy parts that will eventually be cleaned up.

## License

    Copyright 2013 J.C. Moyer
    
    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at
    
        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
    
    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.
